All right, in this video, I want to give you a quick overview of how to build and run and test your
application.
So here we have our devices, OK, I'm going to be using an emulator for this course simply because
using a physical device is not really is not really easy to record what's going on so you can use a
physical device.
In fact, they do recommend it.
If you use an emulator, make sure that you create an emulator that has this Play Store button.
OK, because this will make it a bit more realistic and allow us to kind of download whatever we need,
and it just works better.
Now, I've had a few issues with the emulator while building this course, and especially I'm using
the Nexus 5X API 30.
There's a few connection issues and, you know, various problems.
So if you can use your physical device connected to your laptop and it works much better or you can
use an emulator as well, just make sure that you have the patience for the inevitable bugs that do
happen.
All right.
Now, once you have that emulator, here is my suggestion.
We will need a few photos for our post and our profile images.
So I have already downloaded some images here.
You can see I have a bunch of cities, I have some profile photos and some animals as well.
So I do encourage you to download these as well.
The way I downloaded the profile images is I go to this website called This is not.
Is not a real person, which is a website that basically generates AP photos.
What is the name of that?
Oh, this person does not exist, that's the one.
This person.
Does not exist, that's the website.
And this one basically is provides you with air generated spaces that you can then use as your image
without any copyright problems like that.
So every time you refresh that, it will give you a new face completely random so you can use that.
You can download images of cities or animals or whatever you like to use, as you know, as your images
for the post while we are developing this course.
Also inside the project, I have downloaded a guy photo just for the kind of mock data that we're going
to be using at the beginning, and I have downloaded an image of Tokyo also for the mock images that
word will be using for the posts.
OK, so go ahead and download those and put them in the drawer folder as well.
All right.
So that's it.
I think that's all I wanted to cover.
So emulator, be careful with that.
There's bugs and it's better to use the physical device if you can.
If not, use an emulator with the Google Play Store button and in the emulator to download the images.
OK, so that's basically it.
I think we can start in the next video.
We can start to actually build our project.
OK, we will start with setting the foundations.
I will see you in the next video.